## pd erasure create

Deletes records from the repository

### Synopsis

Deletes records from the repository. This command is restricted to administrators.

There are three modes: 1) default, which marks the content inaccessible 2)
"secure", which encrypts the content with a key and 3) "shred", where records
are made unrecoverable. All modes mark the records matching the specified
content inaccessible, and block re-ingest. These records will be inaccessible
everywhere where they formerly appeared: ingests, commits, releases, etc. 

Default:

"create --file /path/to/file" will read records from the file, find the
matching records in the repository, and make them inaccessible. The records may
be restored. 

Secure:

"erasure create secure --file /path/to/file --key <name>" will read
records from the file, find those records in the repository, make them
inaccessible, and encrypt them with key <name>. The records may be restored
using the key used to encrypt them. 

"erasure create secure --file /path/to/file --new --key <name> --comment
<comment>" will read records from the file, find those records in the
repostory, make them inaccessible, and encrypt them with a new key named
<name>. The records may be restored using the same key.

Shred/Unrecoverable:

"erasure create shred --file /path/to/file --unrecoverable". Like "secure"
except that the key used to encrypt the records is discarded. There is no way
to recover these records. There is no way to undo this action. It is important
to note, as above, there is no way to re-ingest these deleted records.

```
pd erasure create --files /path/to/file --description <text> [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -d, --description string   Describe the reason for this erasure.
      --files string         File(s) containing the records to expunge.
  -f, --force                Do not ask for confirmation
  -h, --help                 help for create
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --json          Print output as JSON
      --json-pretty   Pretty print output as JSON
```

### SEE ALSO

* [pd erasure](/docs/commands/pd_erasure.html)	 - Deletes records from the repository
* [pd erasure create secure](/docs/commands/pd_erasure_create_secure.html)	 - encrypts and removes records from the repository
* [pd erasure create shred](/docs/commands/pd_erasure_create_shred.html)	 - encrypts and deletes records from the repository with no chance of recovery

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 25-Aug-2022
